\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename libreblackjack.info
@include version.texi
@settitle LibreBlackjack @value{VERSION}

@c Define a new index for options.
@defcodeindex op
@c Combine everything into one index (arbitrarily chosen to be the
@c concept index).
@syncodeindex op cp
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for LibreBlackjack (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}),
a completely free-as-in-freedom blackjack engine designed to study and analyze
the game statistics using different playing strategies ranging from simple
card counting up to other complex alogirthms based on artificial inteligence.

Copyright @copyright{} 2016 Jeremy Theler.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying
@c If your manual is published on paper by the FSF, it should include
@c the standard FSF Front-Cover and Back-Cover Texts, as given in
@c maintain.texi.

@dircategory Basics
@direntry
* Hello: (hello).               Hello, GNU world.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title LibreBlackjack
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Jeremy Theler (@email{gtheler@@cites-gss.com})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents


@ifnottex
@comment  @node Top
@comment  @top GNU Hello

This manual is for GNU Hello (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}),
which prints a friendly greeting (and serves as an example GNU package).
@end ifnottex

$body$

@comment  @node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl.texi


@comment  @node Concept index
@comment  @unnumbered Concept index

@comment  @printindex cp

@bye
